11-8-22 Meeting Minutes:

2nd team meeting with TA.

Discussed how the meetings will proceed. Each week we will cover:
  1. Progress made since the last week, including which members did what tasks:
      Avery - added confirm password logic to Register page. 
            - Created meeting notes/release notes, login/logout ejs files, use case diagram, and Epic field to project board.
      Madison - Added user stories to project board, assigned team members to user stories, and added relevant ejs files.
      Mallory - Created detailed wireframe diagram, created project board, researched API.
      Nate - Added .env file, created views and partials structure
      John - Created Github repository file structure, added the final testing document to Github.
      All: Created feature branches, created Test Cases (Lab 11)
  
  2. Plans for the next week:
  
      Our main priority is debugging the issues with the API key.
      All: figure out API issues.
      Madison - work on wishlist pages
      Mallory - work on search books pages
      Avery - work on submit/read reviews page, finalize pushing login/logout/register to main. Continue to update meeting and release notes.
      Nate - work on submit book preferences pages
      John - work on find recommended users page
      Lucca - work on find user matches page

  
  3. Any potential blockers or dependencies preventing us from making progress:
      Currently our biggest blocker is issues with the Goodreads API not working out
 


1. Decisions made:

  
2. Alternative actions/options discussed:

  
3. Follow-up items, including agreed-on roles and responsibilities:
    All: figure out API issues.
    Madison - work on wishlist pages
    Mallory - work on search books pages
    Avery - work on submit/read reviews page, finalize pushing login/logout/register to main. Continue to update meeting and release notes.
    Nate - work on submit book preferences pages
    John - work on find recommended users page
    Lucca - work on find user matches page
